hi I'm Josh with Gannett Ridge comm and
Gannett Ridge hunting equipment here in
Fort Collins Colorado I want to talk to
you a little bit today about the prime
alloy this prime bow is new for 2014
from prime and we've just been really
impressed with it has a 32 and a half
inch axial two axial seven inch bracelet
three hundred thirty-five foot a second
IPO speed these bows draw back better
than anything I've I've drawn there
they're the smoothest drawing bow I've
we have here and probably rivaling the
smoothest drawing bows on the market
today I I think they beat everybody but
everyone's a little different these
boats come in a with 7075 aluminum it's
the highest grade aluminum put on a bow
in the industry today they come with a
great warranty Primal sends you a new
set of strings every two years if you
register the bow with Prime pretty
awesome stuff they also include a six
month tune-up as a part of the purchase
price on these bows as well and the
other another few features about them
they do a baked on coating rather than a
dip so similar to your Parker ice finish
on your rifle it's a thousandth of an
inch baked on coating that actually
improves the durability of the bow and
looks a lot sharper whatever camel
pattern they put on these bows it
doesn't look like a skewed version of it
it is that pattern I think it's part of
the reason Gore allowed off the fade to
be on these bows because it looks
exactly like op the fade should look
they have a dual binary camp system and
so you're shooting an arrow from perfect
square every shot you take physically
the bow has to has to shoot an arrow in
an incredibly square manner these alloys
also they changed the flex guard on
these alloys a little bit they put the
wheels on them instead of ceramic rings
and so you know little that concept
makes more sense to you so that's
another change that they made to the
prime bows this year they have 10 pounds
of adjustment and these cams are drawing
specific so we carry you know our
spectrum of all the cams so that
somebody can come in and get the correct
one fitted to them the day they're in
the shop
however do pay attention you know if
you're checking one of these bows out
you got to get one that's your draw
length the cams are incredibly easy to
change out on them
due to their axles that they use on
these and really quite simple to tune
and put back together again so if you're
looking for a comfort accurate just
really smooth overall feel in a bow this
is a definite consideration that you
need to make Prime's a an awesome
company they are growing massive amounts
right now a lot of people picking these
things up because of just the overall
shot experience that you gain with one
of these things if you happen to be in
the Fort Collins area come check us out
here at the shop if not take a look at
us again orig com like us on facebook
follow us on youtube and shoot straight
hard we'll see you in the woods